
               REGISTERING VMCI PLUS
               ---------------------
VMCI Plus is shareware. Older versions of VMCI are
freeware/donationware and still available for download.

All versions of VMCI are copyright of the author.
Until further notice, this software may be used for
personal use only for free for up to 90 days. Thereafter,
in order to continue personal use, you must register
the software. Registration entitles the user to use
this version of VMCI Plus, but not to technical support.

VMCI Plus may not be copied, sold, distributed or used
in any other manner without the prior written consent of
the author. Those interested in licensing VMCI for other
than personal or individual commercial use
should contact the author.

To the maximum extent permitted by law, the author disclaims
all warranties regarding this software, express or implied,
including but not limited to warranties of merchantability
and fitness for a particular purpose.  In no event shall the
author be liable for consequential, special, incidental or
indirect damages arising out of the use or inability to use
this software even the author is aware of the possibility of
such damages or a known defect.

DirectCsound is not included in the package (because
Csound is copyright of MIT). However it is available for
free and can be downloaded at the following url:

http://www.tiscalinet.it/G-Maldonado

Current registering fee (September 1999 version 2.0) for 
a single copy of the program is US$ 85.  
Price is subject to change.

Send an international check to the following address:

Gabriel Maldonado
via Donna Olimpia 166
00152 Roma - Italia

including a sheet with your address (eventual email) and the
reason of the payment (i.e. VMCI Plus registration).

The key-code which suppresses the warning dialog boxes will be sent
immediately after the author has received the check via email (or
eventually via standard mail if the customer cannot access the
Internet).

Conditions of payment may change in the future (credit
card payment will be allowed).

For any question contact:

    g.maldonado@agora.stm.it
or
    g.maldonado@tiscalinet.it

By using this software, you are agreeing to the above terms.
